Changelog + cherries for 8.2.0 (#1834)
neuronsimulator/nrn: docs/changelog.md

# NEURON 8.2

## 8.2.0
_Release Date_ : TBC

### What's New

* TODO

### Potential Incompatibilities

* Support for Python 3.6 was dropped, as it has reached end-of-life (#1733).
* In this release, more declarations of NEURON methods (typically `nrn_` and
  `hoc_` functions) are implicitly included in translated MOD files. This can
  cause compilation errors with MOD files that include incorrect declarations
  of these methods in `VERBATIM` blocks. (#1755, #1811, #1825).

> 

Reviewer: Just putting here as a reminder: Avoid declaring (ion) state variables as global, see neuronsimulator/nrn/pull/1723

* Several documentation updates, including randomness in NEURON models #1727,
  NEURON course exercise sets from 2018 #1735 and publications using NEURON #1819.
* CMake: improved documentation targets. (#1725)  

### Breaking Changes
* Support for Python 3.6 was dropped, as it has reached end-of-life (#1733).
* In this release, more declarations of NEURON methods (typically `nrn_` and
  `hoc_` functions) are implicitly included in translated MOD files. This can
  cause compilation errors with MOD files that include incorrect declarations
  of these methods in `VERBATIM` blocks. (#1755, #1811, #1825).
* Declaring STATE variables as GLOBAL is now disallowed. (#1723)

### Deprecations & future changes
* NEURON is in the process of being fully migrated to a `C++` codebase.  
  Starting with next major release `.9.0.0`, `MOD` files will be converted to `C++` instead of `C`.
  This will break compatibility with some legacy MOD files containing VERBATIM blocks and code may have to be updated
  given the more impeding C++ restrictions.
  A migration [guide](https://nrn.readthedocs.io/en/latest/guide/porting_mechanisms_to_cpp.html) is being compiled in
  the latest online documentation.

> * `Random123` will be the default RNG in NEURON and most of the random number distributions implementations will be

Reviewer: As `latest/guide/porting_mechanisms_to_cpp.html` will be moving target, I assume we need version-specific URL here?

> * `Random123` will be the default RNG in NEURON and most of the random number distributions implementations will be

Reviewer 2: That's actually desired as we may have to update that.

  dropped in favor of `std` numeric library, while a few will be discontinued. See  [#1330](https://github.com/neuronsimulator/nrn/issues/1330) for follow-up and questions.

### Bug Fixes
* Fix for #335: Return proper exit code in hoc execution #1633

### Improvements /  Other Changes
* Support for using `mallinfo2()` (#1805)
* HOC domain for Sphinx `5.0.1` 

### Upgrade Steps

> * If you'd like to have your MOD files compatible with `pre-8.2.0`, `8.2.0` and upcoming `9.0.0` altogether, you can
>   already refer to the aforementioned migration [guide](https://nrn.readthedocs.io/en/latest/guide/porting_mechanisms_to_cpp.html).

Author: ```suggestion
* If your MOD files contain VERBATIM blocks you may need to refer to the aforementioned
  [C++ migration guide](https://nrn.readthedocs.io/en/latest/guide/porting_mechanisms_to_cpp.html)
  and make minor changes to prepare for the upcoming `9.0.0` release.
  Remaining compatible with `8.2.0` and older versions is typically straightforward.
```

Reviewer: same here
